# k:evatool survey player

## Project setup

Please copy the file .env.local.example to .env and adjust the parameters:
- VITE_API_BASE_URL: Set the base URL of the k:evatool backend (i.e. http://localhost:8085/api for local development)
- ELECTRON_FULLSCREEN: Configure if the electron build runs in fullscreen mode or as a floating window

### Important note
Please make sure that the Laravel Backend is running. Otherwise backend connection and saving answers won't be possible.

### Preparation
The following needs to be run for production and development prior to building and running the dev environment
```
yarn
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn dev
```

### Compiles and serves statically
Like on a webserver. Ideal for testing builds locally.
```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint (--fix)
```

### Electron build for windows or mac
Builds a standalone installable app for either windows or mac
```
yarn electron:win
yarn electron:mac
```

### Accessing surveys
From the admin frontend you can copy the links (URLs) that link to the survey player. The links base URL is defined during the build process of the admin 
frontend through the respective .env file

### Kiosk mode
You can run the player in demo mode by adding the demo url parameter (i.e. https://your-keva-player.com?demo=true). When running in demo mode the results 
generated by the user are stored with a demo flag and can be filtered in the admin frontend. This is ideal for testing a survey without producing live results.
Demo mode also shows a button in the lower left corner of the survey player that allows resetting the uuid to execute a survey again with a fresh uuid 
creating a fresh dataset.
Please avoid distributing URLs with the demo parameter through marketing, social media, etc.

### Kiosk mode
You can run the player in kiosk mode by adding the kiosk url parameter (i.e. https://your-keva-player.com?kiosk=60). The number sets the timeout in seconds 
that resets the uuid and goes back to the starting point after user inactivity.

### Autoclose (for app integration)
You can run the player with an autoclose query parameter (between 0 and 30 ... seconds).
Example: https://your-keva-player.com?
autoclose=5).
The number sets the timeout in seconds after which the close event "gpwebevent:window.close" is sent. This event can be intercepted in an app.

